Chapter XIII
Welcome to Knight's Shaft! (80 verses)

When out the dark they came to light
All was glowy, all was so bright;
The colors of all the ores here
Made them blind, like drunk by some beer.
They came out the arcade and so
A man was here, holding a bow;
He had a kind of good armor,
Not of i'on made, its price was more:
The ore was blue, legendary,
An ore all knew, no one did see;
Its name, all knew, it is mithril
For that, all humans would have killed.
The knight in armor talked to them:
'Greetings, dear friends, where are ye from?'
He talked in a strange way, for sure
Maybe for this there was a cure;
H'wever, Food brave talked to he:
'Who are you, mate, fall from a tree?'
The man in front, a good soldier
Did understand so much anger:
He took Food's speech for an insult
Bow to shoulder was the result;
You however understood well
That the soldier, what Food had tell,
Took it for slang. And, politely,
He answered very calmely:
'We beg thy pardon, our good friend;
We're not from here, this step's our end:
We seek for things that may tell us
Where the good fate here hath brought us;
Pardon my friend! He asked thee
If thou hast ever fell from tree.'
The soldier's face then had a smile
What in his head could have pass by!
What a polite man he was, You
That they were old, that well he knew.
So the soldier placed bow on floor
And behind them closed the big door
'My name's Harry, but what is thine?'
'You's it'; answered he, while on spine
Shivers were making him trembling.
'If you're news here, then may I bring
You to the place where is our King;
His name's Arthur, the righteous King
Of Knight's Shaft he's; a so good being!'
Food did not understand a thing...
The soldier left them here, for true:
You said they could find it, although
They were new here, and he knew it.
They began to walk on some bits
Of stone that were cut off in squares
To make paths where were men with spears.
You's confident: what could go wrong?
He though of that walking along.
Food looked around, his eyes streaming
Of all colors he was seeing;
Blue, green, orange, gray everywhere
Ores he never saw anywhere;
'Blue's mithril', said You while walking
Towards the palace of the King
'I seen how you spoke to that guard,
I didn't catch a word of that'
'It's easy, hey!' said You happy
To learn to Food a thing quickly:
'You only need to replace you
by thou, thee, thy, thine, 't' to put
You'll speak like me, for sure I swear!'
They passed near two men with two spears.
They didn't see it while talking:
They had ent'red Palace of King!
The trumpets rang, like an anthem
A mighty man looking at them
He had a long red cape for him
For it shoulders made it had been
His wonderful crown of pure gold
With pure jewels all to behold
He had a great smile on his face:
It's like he waited them for ages.
Food quickly understood the point:
King Arthur! They reached their endpoint.
